Rice Wavelet Tools version 3.0

The Rice Wavelet Toolbox (RWT) is a collection of functions for 1D and 2D 
wavelet and filter bank design, analysis, and processing. The toolbox provides 
tools for denoising and interfaces directly with our MATLAB code for wavelet 
domain hidden Markov models and wavelet regularized deconvolution 
(see dsp.rice.edu/software).  

This version adds full support for Python and Octave as well as the original 
MATLAB bindings. It also supports 64-bit indexing in MATLAB version 7.3 (R2006b)
and greater. The source code has been enhanced with comments and human readable
variable names to make it more suitable as a tool for learning about how the 
wavelet transform is calculated.

Version 1.1 (August 30, 1993) was the first officially released RWT.  Version 
2.01 (April 18, 1994) had several significant enhancements. Functions 
omitted in later versions can be found in the Version 2.01 distribution.

Older versions are available in the 'dist' directory.

The Rice Wavelet Toolbox is open source software. See the LICENSE file. It is 
distributed as-is, free of charge, and without warranty. This README file also 
contains a list of toolbox functions available in version 3.0.

The source code contains MATLAB .m files and .c files that need to be compiled. 
Please see the installation instructions.

CHANGES:

In this version, soft thresholding in the denoise function is selected by a
value of 2 instead of 0. In previous versions it was impossible to select soft
thresholding with the redundant transform version of the denoise function.

SOURCE:

     github.com/ricedsp/rwt

BUGS AND HELP:
 
For bug reports use the Github issue tracker.
For help using the RWT, post a message to rwt-users@googlegroups.com.

CONDITIONS FOR USE:

See the LICENSE file

TOOLBOX FUNCTIONS:

 Wavelet Transforms
     mdwt - Discrete orthogonal wavelet transform using the Mallat algorithm
     midwt - Inverse discrete orthogonal wavelet transform
     mrdwt - Undecimated (redundant) discrete wavelet transform
     mirdwt - Inverse undecimated discrete wavelet transform
     daubcqf - Daubechies filter coefficients

 Wavelet Domain Processing
     denoise - Denoise signals and images by thresholding wavelet coefficients
     HardTh - Hard thresholding
     SoftTh - Soft thresholding

 Other
     makesig - Create Donoho-Johnstone test signals
     compile - Compile the Rice Wavelet Toolbox

Functions omitted in this version of toolbox can be found in version 2.01.
